------------------
  HOSTILE FIENDS
------------------

Note: All fiends take double damage from Cold Iron.

Balor: One of the greatest non-unique demons, the balor is a massive and powerful combatant who can augment his strength with mobility in the form of flight. Balors are immune to fire or magma, and also immune to electrical damage. They can equip any weapons they come across and their high body temperature can cause burns in those they grapple with. Balors also have an innate fire aura that causes small, but mounting, ammounts of damage in creatures adjacent to one. When killed, the Balor explodes in a fiery blast. Balors can be found rarely in the underworld.

Barbed Devil: These humanoid devils are covered in sharp barbs, spines and hooks and are expert sentries. All natural attacks made by barbed devils are edged due to their namesake barbs. They can sometimes be found in any evil region or in the underworld, or very rarely in any savage or underground region. They can occasionally throw a fireball. Like all devils, they are immune to fire.

Barlgura: These massive orangutan-like demons represent the savagery and fury of the Abyss. They can sometimes be found in any evil region or in the underworld, or very rarely in any savage or underground region, always in packs. Barlguras are prone to rage and possess a few interaction: they can slow down enemies and turn invisible in order to escape.

Bearded Devil: The shocktroopers of the Hells, bearded devils get their name from their tendril-like "beards" in their lower face. Said beard can be used to perform a special attack that can apply a venom that reduces the recuperation stat of the victim to 0. Additionally, a small number of them come pre-equiped with glaives capable of dealing infernal wounds. They can be found in any evil region or in the underworld, or less frequently in savage or underground areas. Like all devils, they are immune to fire.

Bone Devil: These gaunt devils are the taskmasters of hell, and have the task of keeping their lessers in line. They are quite mobile thanks to their wings, and also possess a venomous stinger that can inflict necrosis. Some Bone Devils come pre-equipped with a spear. They can appear in any evil region or in the underworld, or less frequenetly in savage or underground areas. Like all devils, they are immune to fire.

Cambion: A direct offspring of a mortal and a fiendish creature, cambions resemble humans with features such as horns, wings and tail. They have better stats than your average human, and also learn most social skills faster. Furthermore, they can also cast a fire ray spell as a ranged attack and have a small innate damage resistance. Cambions can be found infrequently on any evil region or in the underworld, or very rarely on savage ones or underground. Cambions can be played as adventurers and can join civilizations.

Chain Devil: The torturers of the Hells, Chain Devils appear as bald humanoids covered in chains that move of their own volition. They can attack with these chains as if they were whips for great effect. They can also stare at a creature in order to induce magical fear in them.. Chain Devils are found infrequently on any evil revil or in the underworld, or very rarely in savage regions or underground. Like all devils, they are immune to fire.

Chasme: Appearing as a horrible centauric fly, these demons are sadists and love to torture and torment. They are fliers and can also walk freely on walls. Chasmes have a special toxin that they can inject with their proboscis that causes localized necrosis and lowers toughness. They also possess a constant aura-like interaction that induces drowsiness on all who hear it. Chasmes can be found in any evil region or in the underworld, or more rarely in savage or in underground areas.

Dretch: One of the lowest and weakest types of demons, dretches make up for their weak physique with numbers. Dretches can produce a small cloud of gas that causes nausea and middling necrosis. Dretches can be found in any evil region or in the underworld, or rarely in any savage surface or underground region.

Erinyes: Appearing much like an angel, these striking devils are peerless and beautiful avengers who deliver their masters' wrath on those who defy them. They are fliers and come pre-equipped with a sword, with which they also deal infernal wounds, causing necrosis in their attacks. They can be found in any evil region or in the underworld, or more rarely underground or in other savage areas. Like all devils, they are immune to fire.

Glabrezu: These tall demons are roughly humanoid, but possess two sets of arms: one of them human-like, but smaller compared to the demon's size, and the other a pair of powerful and menacing pincers. Glabrezus are natural negotiators, but that doesn't mean they cannot hold their own in close combat. They have a selection of spells they can cast: Darkness, that lowers skill rolls on several enemies; Confusion, that causes erratic behaviour; and Power Word Stun, which stuns an enemy. Glabrezus can appear on any evil region or in the underworld, or rarely any savage surface or underground region.

Goristro: These massive demons resemble towering fiendish minotaurs. While intelligent, they are usually found as prized pets and living siege weapons by the Lords of the Abyss. Goristros are very strong, but do not possess any special abilities. Balors can be found rarely in the underworld.

Hezrou: These brutish frog-like demons are the closest the Abyss has to a standard soldier. Though physically imposing, hezrous are mentally weak and relatively easy to bully. They possess a horrible stench that is potent enough to poison those around them. Hezrous can appear in any evil region or in the underworld, or rarely in any savage surface or underground biome.

Horned Devil: Acting as the aerial infantry of the Hells, Horned Devils are rather lazy for how effective they are at combat. Standing as big as an ogre, and far stronger, they are still not to be trifled with. They possess a wide range of natural attacks, which includes both their horns and their tail. The tail is particularly dangerous for it can inflict a necrosis-causing infernal wound. All horned devils are capable of throwing fireballs, and some are equiped with spears as well. They can be found in any evil region or in the underworld, or more rarely underground or in other savage areas. Like all devils, they are immune to fire.

Ice Devil: These insectoid demons are the field commanders of the hells. Strong in both mind and body, they are more than strong enough to keep their underlings in line. All of their attacks cause frost damage in addition to normal damage, and some of them have a spear that can both deal frost damage and slow down those it hits. They are also immune to frost. They can be found in any evil region or in the underworld, or more rarely underground or in other savage areas. Like all devils, they are immune to fire.

Imp: A tiny devil who makes up for what they lack in physique in sheer malice and deviousness. These small humanoid fiends possess two leathery wings that allow them flight and a stinger with a necrotic venom. They can also turn invisible. Imps can become pets and are found in evil regions or in the underworld, or rarely in savage or underground ones. They are also mischievous and will try, if wild, to sabotage your fortress. Like all devils, they are immune to fire.

Lemure: Wretched beings and the weakest of all devils, the lemures are spawned from the souls of evil creatures condmened to the Hells. Their feeble, blobby forms are hardly imposing and they instead opt to swarm other creatures. Their only notable characteristic is that they can be restored to life when slain unless they have been struck down already recently. Lemures are found in evil regions or in the underworld, or rarely in savage or underground one. Like all devils, they are immune to fire.

Manes: The weakest and most wretched of demons, manes are "born" from the souls of evil creatures that were sent to the Abyss after their death. Their new form is hardly imposing, however, being small and feeble, and only by swarming an enemy can they hope to stand any chance. They can be found in any evil region or in the underworld, or rarely in any savage surface or underground region.

Nalfeshnee: These brutish demons look like crosses between apes and boars, possessing tiny, but functional, wings. Despite appearing crude and savage, however, nalfeshnees are exceptionally intelligent. They are capable of emitting fear-inducing lights on command. Nalfeshnees can be occasionally encountered in any evil region or in the underworld, or more rarely in any savage or subterranean one.

Pit Fiend: Below only the Archdevils themselves, Pit Fiends are the great generals and nobles of the Hells. They are powerful and massive and can fly in order to better position themselves. They are immune to fire or magma. They have an innate fear aura that terrifies and intimidates all those around it. They can also throw fireballs and jets of fire, slow down non-intelligent creatures and possess a poisonous bite that causes both necrosis and prevents any form of healing. Some come pre-equipped with maces. They can be very rarely found in the underworld.

Quasit: These tiny humanoid demons are far from physically imposing. As such they prefer to plot in the shadows to bring down both mortals and other demons. Because of that, they are often employed as spies and saboteurs, or, more rarely, as a spellcaster's familiar. Quasits can frighten a creature every once in a while and turn invisible when things don't go as planned. Quasits can become pets and are found in evil regions or in the underworld, or rarely in savage or underground ones. They are also mischievous and will try, if wild, to sabotage your fortress.

Shadow Demon: Created when a demon's body is destroyed but its essence is kept from returning to the abyss, these humanoid fiends are made of not flesh but shadow and are exceptionally stealthy. Though they lack in physical strength, they are fairly agile and their attacks deal psychic damage to victims. Furthermore, they can turn invisible quite frequently. Shadow Demons are found in evil regions or in the underworld, or rarely in savage or underground ones.

Spined Devil: These small flying devils are the spies and aerial harassers of the Hells. They are small winged humanoids covered in spines that they can launch at their foes. They are found in evil regions or in the underworld, or rarely in savage or underground ones. Like all devils, they are immune to fire.

Succubus/Incubus: These alluring humanoid demons live to tempt others into damnation in the hopes of claiming their souls. Found rarely in any evil region or in the underworld, or even more rarely in any savage or underground one, succubi and incubi are not particularly strong combatants. Instead, they are capable of sabotaging a fortress like other mischievous creatures and possess two magical powers: they are able to charm a creature into temporarily becoming hostile to all, and they can perform a draining kiss attack that reduces the victim's toughness and deals damage through necrosis.

Vrock: Savage and vicious, the vulture-like vrock might be a lesser demon but that doesn't reduce the threat one can pose. Aside from attacking with their beak and talons, vrocks can also screech to stun nearby enemies and release a cloud of toxic spores. Vrocks are found in any evil area or in the underworld, or rarely in any savage or underground region.

Yochlol: These strange blob-like demons are sworn to the drow goddess Lolth and act as her Handmaidens and agents of her will. Despite their amorphous form and few natural attacks, yochlols can still be dangerous thanks to their ability to walk on walls, slow their enemies, turn to mist in order to escape dangerous positions, and ability to cause an enemy to become crazed for a small time. Yochlols can be found in evil regions or in the underworld, or rarely in savage ones as well as underground.