--------------------------
  BABYSNATCHING ENTITIES
--------------------------

NOTE: Unless pointed otherwise, all creatures here have the Humanoid type of creature.

Drow: Lithe and seemingly timeless, drow, like most other elves, are an insular people that are often seen as aloof and arrogant. Drow are cruel and ruthless, having been forced underground in ancient times by other elves. As such they are resentful and constantly plot vengeance on their surface kin. Drow build fortresses and start on mountains, but can spread anywhere. They always have access to Yochlols, Giant Cave Spiders and Driders. They have two castes, representing both drow and half-drow:
	Drow: Drow learn sword and crossbow skills faster than normal, are cave-adapting, can use a Darkness spell that reduces skill rolls on the target, have higher social awareness compared to other elves, and are slightly smaller.
	
	Half-Drow: Having both human and drow ancestors, half-drow have higher than average focus, endurance and social awareness.

Duergar: Duergar, or gray dwarves, are dour and grim relatives of the dwarves who dwell deep within the earth. Once upon a time regular dwarves, they've been twisted by generations of slavery to illithids. Duergar are cruel and dour, but are also more resistant to stress. They have two innate spells: Enlarge and Invisibility, which, respectively, doubles their size for a short while, and allows them to escape dangerous situations. Duergar build fortresses on mountains.

Tiefling: Possessing fiendish features, the tieflings are a result of an ancient pact between a group of humans a great Archfiend. As such, all their descendants possess fiend-like traits. Appearing as humans with horns, a tail and occasionally unusual skin tones, tieflings possess focus and social awareness greater than the average. Tieflings also possess two innate spells: Darkness, which reduces skill rolls, and Infernal Rebuke, a melee-range fire attack. Tieflings build dark fortresses on deserts, wetlands and tundra, and can also spread to plains and forests.