--------------------
  WEAPONS AND AMMO
--------------------

Bastard Sword: A large sword that acts as a halfway point between a longsword and a two-handed sword. Uses sword skill.

Club: A simple blunt weapon, notable only for its ability for somewhat faster strikes. Uses mace skill.

Composite Bow: A more expensive, but somewhat better variant of the bow. Uses arrows for ammo. Uses bow skill for ranged attacks and sword for melee.

Composite Longbow: A more expensive, but somewhat better variant of the longbow. Uses arrows for ammo. Uses bow skill for ranged attacks and sword for melee.

Dire Flail: A large double-ended flail with strong but slow attacks. Uses mace skill.

Double Axe: A large, powerful weapon with strong, but slow attacks. Uses axe skill.

Falchion: A two-handed sword with better slashing attacks. Uses sword skill.

Glaive: A large slashing polearm with strong attacks with long recovery times. Uses pike skill.

Greatclub: A much larger version of the club, stronger but slower. Uses mace skill.

Guisarme: A slashing polearm with balanced attack times. Uses pike skill.

Handaxe: A smaller, lighter variant of a regular battle axe. Uses axe skill.

Hand Crossbow: A smaller, lighter variant of the regular crossbow for cheaper production. Uses bolts for ammo. Uses crossbow skill for ranged attacks and hammer for melee.

Heavy Crossbow: A larger, more powerful variant of the regular crossbow that is offset by its higher material cost. Uses bolts for ammo. Uses crossbow skill for ranged attacks and hammer for melee.

Heavy Flail: A larger, stronger version of a regular flail. Uses mace skill.

Hooked Hammer: A small weapon with a hammer head on one end and a hook on the other. uses the hammer skill.

Kama: A small slashing bladed weapon with slashing attacks. Uses sword skill.

Kukri: A large dagger weapon focusing only on slashing attacks. Uses dagger skill.

Lance: This large spear can only be used by creatures as big as, or bigger than, a human. It possess a strong piercing attack. Uses spear skill.

Light Hammer: A smaller, lighter variant of the regular war hammer that can hit slightly faster. Uses hammer skill.

Longbow: A very strong ranged weapon that can only be used by larger creatures. Uses arrows for ammo. Uses bow skill for ranged attacks and sword for melee.

Longspear: A larger and stronger version of the regular spear. Uses the spear skill.

Nunchaku: A small blunt weapon with fast attacks. Uses the mace skill.

Punching Dagger: A small fast weapon with both slashing and piercing attacks. Uses dagger skill.

Quarterstaff: A somewhat-large blunt staff used for melee combat, capable of swift strikes but with slower recovery time. Uses spear skill.

Ranseur: A large stabbing polearm. Uses the spear skill.

Rapier: A fast sword with an emphasis on piercing attacks. Uses sword skill.

Sai: A small weapon focusing on stabbing attacks. Uses the dagger skill.

Sap: A very small blunt weapon with fast attacks. Uses the mace skill.

Scythe: A large bladed weapon with slow, but strong, slashing attacks. Uses the pike skill.

Siangham: A small stabbing weapon with fast attacks. Uses the dagger skill.

Sickle: A small curved blade with good slashing attacks. Uses sword skill.

Sling: A small ranged weapon that utilizes sling bullets as ammo. Uses blowgun skill for ranged attacks and striker skill for melee attacks.

Spiked Chain: A large edged weapon that focuses on slashing attacks, but has bad multiattack potential. Uses whip skill.

Spiked Gauntlets: These spike-covered gauntlets are exclusively weapons and won't actually act as armour. They have fast piercing attacks and are always a two-handed weapon. They use the striking skill.

Striking Gauntlets: These tough gauntlets are exclusively weapons and won't actually act as armour. They have fast blunt attacks and are always a two-handed weapon. They use the striking skill.

Throwing Glove: A weapon that can be held with only a single hand, it allows for ranged attacks with dedicated throwing weapons. Uses throwing skill for ranged attacks and striker skill for melee attacks. Ammo is listed below:

	Bolas: A group of spheres bound together, used as a thrown weapon.
	
	Dart: A simple throwing dart.

	Javelin: A dedicated throwing spear.
	
	Shuriken: Small dedicated throwing weapons that slash their targets.
	
	Throwing Dagger: A simple dagger balanced for throwing.
	
	Throwing Handaxe: A small axe balanced for throwing.
	
	Throwing Light Hammer: A small hammer balanced for throwing.
	
Trident: A balanced polearm that trades a bigger penetration area for greater strength. Uses spear skill.

Two-Bladed Sword: A large, powerful weapon with strong, but slow attacks. Uses sword skill.

Urgrosh: A weapon that combines both a large axe and a spear, allowing for both hacking and stabbing attracks. Uses axe skill.

War Pick: This pickaxe has been crafted specifically for combat rather than work. Uses hammer skill.